Backport43 - trust gpg key snippet (#1683)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/snippets/trust_gpg.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
Trusting a GPG key is important for security on clients.
It is the task of the administrator to decide which keys are needed and can be trusted.

> Because a software channel cannot be used when the GPG key is not trusted, the decision of assigning a channel to a client depends on the decision of trusting the key.

Reviewer: I think we could simplify the wording:
```suggestion
A software channel cannot be assigned to a client when the GPG key is not trusted.
```
Yesterday, I unfortunately wasn't inspired enough...  Maybe, we should also drop the negations here.
